krepel
======
It'll be awesome. 'nuff said.


Build
=====

Requirements:

- CMake 3.2 or later

Platforms:

| OS              | Build System           |
| :-------------- | :--------------------- |
| Windows 8.1 x64 | Visual Studio 2013 x64 |

Recommended CMake Workflow
--------------------------

TL;DR: Use a folder named `<krepel-repo>/workspace` to put the stuff generated by CMake in.

We will use the CMake GUI and Visual Studio 2013 on a Windows platform. The krepel repo will be checked out at `C:/krepel`.

After the krepel repo was checked out, run the CMake GUI. CMake wants to know two paths: The one where the source code lives in, or rather the directory of the top-level `CMakeLists.txt` file, as well as where to generate stuff to. The krepel repo is set to ignore a top-level directory `workspace`, which is where we will point CMake to for the binary dir. As a result, CMake GUI should look like this now:

Where is the source code: C:/krepel
Where to build the binaries: C:/krepel/workspace/VS2013Win64

We won't point the binary dir directly to the `workspace/` directory, since we might want to generate a different build system, such as Visual Studio 2015 or a Unix Makefile project.

After we hit Configure and then Generate, we can open the file C:/krepel/workspace/VS2013Win64/krepel.sln with Visual Studio and work there.

### Adding New Source Files

TL;DR: Add the file to the file system and re-generate the build system using CMake.

We are globbing the source files from our source directories, which has the advantage that we don't have to specify each file individually. The drawback of this, however, is that CMake won't notice new files there unless it is re-run. So you have two choices:

1. Run CMake once more using the CMake GUI and hitting `Generate` directly.
1. Modify any files tracked by CMake so it will know that it has to regenerate.

### Permanently Changing Compiler/Linker Options

TL;DR: You can do this in `<krepel-repo>/build/CMake/krepel.<system-name>.cmake`. Don't forget to re-run CMake.
